xxx2lout version 1.00

SUMMARY

The following little perl programs are included:
* html2lout - Converts HTML to lout
* pod2lout  - Converts pod to lout
* txt2lout  - Converts plain text to lout
* perl2lout - Converts perl programs to lout

They are supported by two modules which can be used by perl programmers doing
their own lout processing:
* Lout.pm - this provides the txt2lout function used by the first three
            converters, and a supporting set_option function; it also
            provides htmlentity2lout used by html2lout.
* HTML/LoutParser.pm - this provides the routines for the hooks in the 
            HTML/Parser.pm module.

txt2lout can be used as a nice filter, say in vi, with ".,$!txt2lout -w 0" for
example.

html2lout (i.e. HTML/LoutParser.pm) now does tables - its very crude and
simple and you'll probably have to hand tweak, but its a start. 

Even if they don't give you exactly the results you want they may be enough to
knock some source text into a usable form.

CHANGES

0.01    First version.
0.02    Added some code to handle html tables in html2lout; also made
        LoutParser a first class object with some parameters to influence
        its behaviour.
0.03    Improved html2lout - if multiple fonts given, choses just the last one
        and inserts Base. Insert empty objects {} in front of @B, @I etc to
        ensure they don't collide with preceeding words. Corrections to smart
        quotes applied. Now use Text::Wrap to wrap long lines. Added code to
        handle more tags.
1.00    First documented version. Improved html2lout - better table handling 
        (but still very basic). No longer puts @LP's all over the place, so
        everything comes out better, including lists. Now &entity;'s are
        converted to {@Char entity}'s. More options added to control
        commenting of handled and unhandled tags. More tags handled. Parser
        object data bugs sorted. All files now have their own pod
        documentation.


INSTALLING

As for installing just create a directory somewhere and unzip and untar the 
lot, e.g.

tar xvfz xxx2lout-VERSION.tar.gz

or

gunzip xxx2lout-VERSION.tar.gz
tar xvf xxx2lout-VERSION.tar

then either put this directory in your PATH or create some soft links from
somewhere on your path to the xxx2lout scripts you want.

Note: You must have Perl 5.004 or later; and to use html2lout you must have
HTML::Parser which comes in the libwww-perl library and Text::Wrap which comes
with Perl.

LICENCE

These are quick scripts, but if you have comments, improvements etc send them
to <mark@chest.ac.uk> with 'xxx2lout' in the subject line.

Copyright (c) 1999 Mark Summerfield. All Rights Reserved.
May be used/distributed under the same terms as Perl itself.

